What is this?
This is our secret weapon for marketing this year
It looks like a computer, but it only has a keyboard.
This is a bully game console
Games can be played.
Oh yes yes
Come on, this is hard.
You can try it too
Oh, this is so much fun
Of course it's fun.
And this can also be exchanged for different cards.
And this game console?
Insert different cards and play different games
With alloy warheads
Mario and Contra
Market share 80%
No children playing games
4 of them are playing bully
So terrifying
It just so happens that no one has discovered this chess game yet.
What about this game console?
What does it have to do with selling Chinese New Year gift boxes?
Of course it does.
It's called bundling.